add config fallback ttl to avoid default ttl when fallback response (#818)
imgproxy/imgproxy: docs/configuration.md

* `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_IMAGE_PATH`: the path to the locally stored image
* `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_IMAGE_URL`: the fallback image URL
* `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_IMAGE_HTTP_CODE`: the HTTP code for the fallback image response. When set to zero, imgproxy will respond with the usual HTTP code. Default: `200`

> * `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_TTL`: a duration (in seconds) sent via the `Expires` and `Cache-Control: max-age` HTTP headers when fallback response. This feature is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_TTL`: a duration (in seconds) sent via the `Expires` and `Cache-Control: max-age` HTTP headers when a fallback image was used. This feature is disabled by default.
```

> * `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_TTL`: a duration (in seconds) sent via the `Expires` and `Cache-Control: max-age` HTTP headers when a fallback image was used. This feature is disabled by default.

Reviewer: This probably better be `IMGPROXY_FALLBACK_IMAGE_TTL` to keep names consistent
